Hello and welcome to this Samsung Knox training video on getting started with Knox Configure.
In this video, we’ll show you how to use Knox Configure to create a profile and customize devices.
Let's get started.
Knox Configure is a cloud-based device customization solution that enables content providers to customize and stage
Samsung devices remotely right out of the box.
You can configure devices with a one-time update using a Setup profile or push multiple updates over the air using a Dynamic profile.
To start using Knox Configure, you’ll need a Samsung account.
Go to samsungknox.com and sign in with your Samsung account credentials.
If you don’t have a Samsung account, you can create one by clicking Enroll in the top right corner.
After signing in to the Knox Admin Portal, click GET STARTED.
Knox Configure is now visible in the left navigation pane.
Before you can use Knox Configure, you’ll need a license key.
ClickLicenses, then click GET A LICENSE.
If you’re just getting started with Knox Configure, you can generate a trial license to get to know the service before buying.
Trial licenses allow you to configure up to 30 devices for up to three months.
Choose either Setup or Dynamic and clickGENERATE TRIAL LICENSE.
Your trial license is created and can be viewed in theLicensestable.
Now that you’ve got a license, let’s jump into how to create a profile.
Click Knox Configure in the navigation pane, then click Profiles.
On the Profiles page, you can view and manage your Knox Configure profiles as well as assign them to devices.
Click CREATE PROFILE to launch the profile creation wizard.
On the Profile info page, give the profile a name and select the type of device you want to create a profile for.
If you’re creating a phone or tablet profile, select the Device level and the Knox version of the device you want to push the profile to.
Once you’re done, click CONFIGURATION MODE to move on to the next step.
On the Configuration mode page, select the Knox Configure edition you want to use.
The Setup edition is designed for one-time device configuration,
while the Dynamic edition allows you to update device profiles after initial configuration.
If you’re creating a Dynamic edition profile, you can choose to configure your devices in ProKiosk mode,
which can be used to restrict device operations and activity.
If you’re configuring devices in Normal mode with Setup edition,
you can choose to have the Knox Configure agent uninstall itself from the device after configuration.
Click ENROLLMENT INFO to move on.
On the Enrollment info page, you can configure the enrollment and product information screens
with your enterprise’s information as well as custom backgrounds, logos, and text.
First, add your company’s name and support contact details.
If you want to customize the configuration service, add your own product name and image under PRODUCT INFORMATION SCREEN.
You can also choose to add a non-dismissible notification to the device that links to the Configuration service.
To customize the enrollment screens, select a background fill color or upload your own background image and logo.
In the right-hand pane, you can view a preview of the customized device screens.
If you want to add custom text, select Customize the welcome screen text.
Under DEVICE ENROLLMENT, choose whether you want to allow the user to cancel or skip
the enrollment wizard, welcome screen, and privacy policy.
You can also set up QR code and accessory enrollment to allow the device user to configure the device on their own.
See the Knox Configure admin guide for details on device enrollment.
At this point, you can save your profile as a draft or click CONFIGURE SETTINGS to move on.
On the Configure settings page, choose the settings you want to include in the profile.
You can see configurable settings in the toolbox pane on the left.
Click the setting you want to modify to open it and, if applicable, view a preview in the right pane.
Icons are shown for each setting to make it easy to find what you’re looking for.
The icon for each setting will turn blue when it’s been enabled.
Creating custom branding for devices is one of the most popular use cases for Knox Configure,
so under Branding settings, you can quickly access settings commonly used for rebranding.
Some settings, such as adding apps to a profile, will open in their own screens.
In these cases, follow the instructions on the screen.
For a complete overview of configurable profile settings, see the Knox Configure admin guide.
When you’re done, save your draft or click SUMMARY to move on.
On the summary screen, you can review the details of the profile you’ve created in the left pane and view a preview in the right pane.
Click EDIT to go back and change any of the settings you’ve configured.
You can choose to download the profile summary as a PDF or save the profile as a draft by clicking MORE ACTIONS.
If you’re ready to create the profile, click SUBMIT.
Add any modifications and add an optional comment.
The Modifications field is filled in automatically if you’re creating a new profile.
Click SUBMIT to save the profile.
The new profile is visible on the Profiles screen.
To assign the profile to one or more devices, select the profile and click ACTIONS, then Assign devices.
Select the devices you want to assign the profile to and click ASSIGN.
This concludes our video on getting started with Knox Configure.
You’re now ready to create a profile and start configuring and customizing devices.
We offer tutorials and videos for each service, so for more information, please visitdocs.samsungknox.com.
Thanks for watching.